출처 : [Instagram Creators] 사이트
성공적인 Instagram 구독 만들기: 필수 사항 체크리스트
Instagram 구독의 세계에 오신 것을 환영합니다. 이곳에서 크리에이터는 예측 가능한 정기 수익을 얻고 활발하게 운영되는 커뮤니티를 만들 수 있습니다. 기대감을 조성하는 것부터 구독을 늘리고 성공적으로 유지하기까지, 실행 가능한 방법을 통해 여러분과 구독자들이 풍요로운 경험을 만들 수 있도록 안내해 드리겠습니다.
기대감 조성하기
가치 있는 콘텐츠 제공하기: 구독자가 비용을 지불할 이유가 명확해지도록 구독자에게 무엇을 제공할 수 있는지 결정하세요. 구독자에게 새로운 콘텐츠에 대한 선공개 혜택, 비하인드 클립, 확장된 동영상 장면, 독점 채팅을 통한 보다 정기적인 소통, 여러분의 개성과 재능을 보여주는 그 외 활동을 제공할 수 있습니다.
콘텐츠 계획 세우기: 며칠 후에 팔로워에게 구독 알림이 전달되도록 선택할 수 있으므로 구독을 어떻게 활용할지 콘텐츠를 계획하세요. 이것저것 테스트해 보며 구독 콘텐츠를 얼마나 자주 게시하면 좋을지 고민해 보고, 준비가 되면 이에 대해 구독자들과도 솔직하게 소통해 보세요.
홍보 동영상 게시하기: 매력적인 홍보 동영상으로 구독 여정을 시작하세요. 팬들에게 구독할 이유를 만들어 주세요.
'구독' 스티커 사용하기: Instagram 스토리에 스티커를 사용하여 팔로워들에게 구독을 소개하세요.
구독자 환영 동영상 만들기: 새로운 구독자들의 지지에 감사를 전하고 앞으로 어떤 콘텐츠를 확인할 수 있는지 간략하게 소개하세요. 구독자들이 새롭게 합류한 흥미로운 커뮤니티를 위해 분위기를 조성하세요.
구독자 커뮤니티 성장시키기
스토리로 홍보하기: 누구보다 열정적으로 스스로를 홍보하세요. 여러분이 구독에 관심을 기울이는 만큼 팔로워의 기대감도 더욱 커집니다. 스토리에 구독 콘텐츠 미리보기를 공유하고 '구독' 스티커를 사용하여 팔로워의 참여를 유도하세요.
구독자 프로모션 설정하기: 새로운 구독자를 유도하도록 설계된 혜택을 설정하세요. 할인 프로모션은 앞으로 구독하게 될 5명의 구독자에게 50% 할인 혜택을 제공합니다. 구독 취소 프로모션은 구독자가 구독을 취소하려고 할 때 한 달 무료 혜택을 제공합니다. 프로페셔널 대시보드 > 구독 > 사용 가능한 혜택 확인 > 혜택에서 해당 프로모션을 확인할 수 있습니다.
적극적으로 참여하기: 메시지와 댓글을 통해 구독자와 소통하세요. 구독자 배지를 사용하여 우수 서포터를 식별하고 해당 서포터의 우선순위를 지정하세요.
구독자 전용 채팅 사용하기: 업데이트를 공유하기 위한 메가폰으로 공지 채널을 시작하거나 구독자와의 커뮤니티를 만들기 위한 토론 포럼으로 소셜 채팅을 시작하세요.
성공적으로 구독 유지하기
정기적으로 구독자 설문 조사하기: 스토리 및 구독자 채팅에서 Q&A 또는 설문 스티커를 사용하여 구독자가 어떤 콘텐츠를 보고 싶어 하는지 파악하세요.
다양하게 실험하기: 게시물, 릴스, 스토리, 메시지, 라이브 방송을 활용하여 새로운 방법으로 콘텐츠를 공유하세요. 가장 성과가 좋고 적절하다고 생각되는 콘텐츠를 토대로 조정하세요.
구독자를 위한 특별한 이벤트 준비하기: 채팅으로 메시지를 주고받을 때 감사 인사를 전하거나 구독자의 우선순위를 지정하여 커뮤니티에 대해 감사하는 마음을 보여주세요.
기존 콘텐츠를 기반으로 성장하기: 구독자와 구독자가 아닌 사람 모두가 사용할 수 있는 콘텐츠를 만들어 운영 부담을 줄이세요. 구독자가 아닌 사람을 위해 클립이나 재생 시간이 단축된 콘텐츠를 선보일 수 있지만, 구독자에게는 전체 장면과 비하인드 스토리를 제공해야 합니다.
해당 팁을 활용하여 구독 여정을 시작하고 여러분과 여러분의 팬들을 위해 마련된 모든 가능성을 펼쳐보세요. 구독은 크리에이터로서 수익을 창출하는 효과적인 방법일 뿐만 아니라 커뮤니티와 더 심도 있게 소통할 수 있는 훌륭한 방법입니다.

출처 : [Instagram Creators] 사이트
콘텐츠 크리에이터이자 온라인 피트니스 코치인 매디슨 노엘(@maddison.noel)이 구독을 사용하여 독점 비하인드 스토리 콘텐츠, 건강과 웰니스 팁 및 개인적인 삶의 경험을 공유하여 구독자와 더 깊은 관계를 형성할 수 있었던 방법을 공유합니다.
커뮤니티 구축
팬데믹 시기에 매디슨은 Instagram 팔로워들과 소통하는 것에 집중했습니다. 모두가 좋은 하루를 보내기를 바란다는 인사와 함께 주기적으로 수분을 섭취하도록 권장하는 스토리를 자주 게시했죠. 이러한 간단한 행동으로 매디슨의 커뮤니티는 성장할 수 있었습니다. 힘든 시기에 이루어진 이러한 쉽고 부담 없는 소통 방식은 팔로워들에게 좋은 반응을 얻었으며 매디슨은 이를 통해 팔로워들과 공감대를 형성할 수 있었습니다. 매디슨의 팬들은 운동을 이어가는 데 도움이 되는 운동 정보를 비롯해 건강과 웰빙 부문 팁과 새로운 아이디어에 대해 꾸준히 요청했습니다. Instagram이 구독 기능을 출시했을 때, 매디슨은 구독 기능을 활용하여 계속해서 더 많은 조언을 요청하는 팔로워들을 위한 운동 프로그램을 만들어 수익을 올릴 수 있는 가능성을 빠르게 파악했습니다.
가치 제안 파악
구독 서비스를 처음 시작했을 때, 매디슨은 운동 프로그램을 제공하는 데 집중했으며 이 방법이 구독자에게 가치를 제공하는 최고의 방법이라고 생각했습니다. 하지만 피드백 설문조사와 Direct 메시지를 통해 매디슨이 삶을 통해 얻은, 더 개인적인 인사이트에 대해 팔로워들이 궁금해한다는 것을 알 수 있었습니다. 매디슨은 자신의 삶에 대해 더 많은 것을 공유할 의향이 있었지만, 이를 위해서는 이야기를 더 안전하고 편안하게 공유할 수 있는 '독점적인 공간'이 필요했습니다. 매디슨은 전략을 전환하여 구독 기능을 통해 비하인드 스토리를 공유하고 구독자들과 의미 있는 대화를 나누며 독점적으로 자신의 삶과 관련된 이야기를 공유했습니다. 이러한 새로운 접근 방식으로 매디슨은 충성도 높은 팬 커뮤니티를 형성할 수 있었는데, 이는 구독 기능을 통해 매디슨이 공유한 일상적인 업무 생활부터 더 개인적인 상실, 유산 및 이혼에 대한 이야기로 구독자들과 큰 친밀감을 형성할 수 있었기 때문입니다. 매디슨은 "구독으로 사람들과 연결되고 함께 친밀하게 소통할 수 있는 공간을 확보할 수 있었고 이 공간에서 더욱 긴밀하게 사람들과 연결될 수 있었어요."라고 말합니다. 독점적인 공간에서 제공한 개인적인 이야기를 통해 매디슨은 구독자들과 더욱 깊게 소통할 수 있었고 이는 매디슨을 위한 돈독한 커뮤니티의 형성으로 이어졌습니다.
커뮤니티 키우기
매디슨이 구독에서 제공하는 콘텐츠의 주제는 건강과 피트니스부터 야외 활동에 대한 팁, 개인적인 상실과 그 치유의 과정까지, 정말 다양합니다. 매디슨은 구독자들의 댓글에 답글을 달고 DM에도 꼭 응답하는 방식으로 구독자들이 진정으로 원하는 것이 무엇인지 파악하여 자신의 콘텐츠를 맞춤화합니다. 이러한 방식으로 매디슨은 구독자들과의 관계를 더욱 돈독히 하는 동시에 콘텐츠를 위한 새로운 아이디어를 파악합니다. 꾸준히 구독자 라이브 방송을 진행하는 것은 일정상 불가능했기 때문에 매디슨은 독점 스토리를 활용하여 구독자들과 실시간으로 소통하고 피드백 및 참여를 받았습니다.
구독자 피드백 요청
매디슨은 콘텐츠 제작을 위해 정기적으로 구독자에게 의견을 받습니다. 매디슨은 스토리에서 설문조사를 진행하고 DM과 댓글을 통해 참여를 유도하여 구독자들이 어떤 콘텐츠를 원하는지 파악합니다. 매디슨은 구독자와의 관계에 있어 일관성, 참여 및 친밀감 형성의 중요함을 알고 있기 때문에 이러한 피드백을 아주 소중하게 활용합니다. 구독 기능을 통해 매디슨은 자신의 이야기를 편하고 안전하게 공유할 수 있는 공간을 확보할 수 있었습니다. 이 공간에서는 그녀의 여정에 함께하기로 선택하여 콘텐츠를 지원하고 열정적으로 참여하는 이들과 함께한다는 것을 알고 있기 때문입니다. 시간이 지남에 따라 매디슨은 커뮤니티를 형성했을 뿐만 아니라 운동으로 이끌어 가는 삶의 환희와 노력, 승리를 함께 공유하는 가족을 만날 수 있었습니다. 매디슨은 구독을 기반으로 각 스토리를 통해 커뮤니티와 계속해서 진지하고 개인적인 이야기를 나누고 건강과 웰니스 목표를 우선시하도록 격려하며 깊은 관계를 쌓아가고 있습니다.
구독의 효과적인 활용을 시작하기 위한 매디슨의 3가지 핵심 팁
실험하는 것을 두려워하지 마세요. 새로운 것을 시도하고 가장 효과적인 것을 바탕으로 조정해보세요.
커뮤니티와 소통하세요. 새로운 콘텐츠에 대한 아이디어든 구독에 관해 관심 있는 주제든 피드백을 요청하고 이를 기반으로 콘텐츠를 맞춤화해보세요. DM과 댓글을 통해 소통하면 사람들이 원하는 콘텐츠에 대한 아이디어를 파악하는 데 도움이 되며 동시에 돈독한 관계를 형성할 수 있습니다.
구독자를 우선시하세요. 구독을 관리하고, 콘텐츠를 제작하고, 팬에게 응답하는 데 시간을 할애할 수 있도록 일정을 조정하세요. 비용을 지불하여 여러분을 지원하기로 선택한 사람들과 그 관계를 우선시하는 것을 잊지 마세요.

출처 : [Instagram Creators] 사이트
이용 가능한 수익 창출 옵션
I wanted to do a video with some advice about how to make money on Instagram for creators out there that are actually interested in doing so. But I want to start by being clear that this isn't actually for all creators. The vast majority of creators are relatively small, maybe a few thousand followers. And if you're that size, it doesn't really make sense to focus on trying to monetize that audience. You should really be focused more on growing that audience or using Instagram in other ways. But if you are a large account, let's say hundreds of thousands of followers or more, and you are interested in using Instagram to help make a living, here's some advice. At a high level, three different ways to get paid on Instagram. You can get paid by fans, you can get paid by brands, and you can get paid by us directly. Now let's start with fans, which is really the easiest way to get started. Two primary things you can do. Subscriptions and GIFs. Subscriptions are a great way to get paid for a small subset, maybe one out of 20 creators.
But if you do have a subset of your followers that are so passionate about what you do that they're willing to actually pay to get access to your content, subscriptions are sustainable and predictable, which is incredibly valuable if you're trying to run a business. GIFs are a bit more playful, they're a way to see if there are people out there who are willing to support you financially, and if you are a real creator, they're a great way to experiment with that, so also please check those out. Now the second way to get paid is from brands, and this is the big one. The vast majority of what drives the economic engine behind the creator ecosystem is branded content, probably well north of $10 billion a year on Instagram. And these are deals directly between creators and brands. Now we have something called the creator marketplace, which we use to try to help brands and creators find each other and make those deals. But these deals happen off platform. And my advice to you as a creator is if you can afford to, be picky about those deals. When you promote content from a brand that you don't really believe in, you don't really love, people can usually tell.
So if you can afford to, be choosy about what deals you actually do. The third way to get paid is through or from Instagram or Meta directly. We call these bonuses or performance-based incentives. And this is something that we are testing in Japan, in Korea, in the US, and we hope to expand both in those countries and worldwide, but it will never be available to every creator everywhere. There are tens of millions of creators on the platform, and it is simply economically unsustainable to pay them all directly. So it's more of a way to help creators bridge when they're getting started and growing from a new idea or a new creator into a more sustainable way of making a living like branded content or subscriptions. There are other ways too, which I can also talk about more down below in the comments. If there's anything else you want to know or would you like to see us build, please also comment down below. And I'll see you all next week.

출처 : [Instagram Creators] 사이트
창의성을 수익으로 연결하기
Hi, my name is Nicole McLaughlin and I'm a designer and upcycler based in new york city.  and today I'm going to be talking about creativity and money because it's a topic that's important to what I do.  i made my personal passions my full-time job and so now money could be kind of seen as taboo or a little bit weird to talk about, but I want to try to break that stigma and let's break it down. So I was working in the fashion industry and it was around that time that I started to realize the amount of waste that was happening and it kind of just made me want to do something about it. And so on the weekends and at night, I was doing these personal projects, just experimenting with materials and it honestly just made me feel so excited and fulfilled. And so I made the decision to quit my full-time job and to pursue my passion, which was upcycling. Something that even I struggle with sometimes is like making money in an authentic way.
It's like being able to monetize what you do and making sure that it's still aligned with your values. When I'm making a decision, I always will think about what is driving me and That is sustainability.  sustainability always is my north star.  so i create to design products that will leave a better future and to be able to use up waste the best that I possibly can.  and so this looks different for everybody.  not everyone's goal and mission is sustainability.  it could be various different things.  but I'd say having that North Star will always help you when making difficult decisions. Making my passion my full-time job was a really big transition, especially knowing that I had to make money in order to be able to survive and to be able to fund the things that I wanted to do. And with that, I had to create kind of a pricing structure that went along with that.
So for me, it made sense to break it down in three ways. So I'm making a physical object. So to create that, the time that it takes, that's one price. the IP and you know my ideas how I got to that place that's another price and then to build the post that and share that to the world on social media whether that's in feed and reels and stories that's another price it's great to be able to get these amazing brand partnerships, but ultimately, you know, I'm still want to create for me and myself. This is still like my real passion and I want to be able to fund that. So in order to be able to do that, I have to make money. I have to be able to get those funds to be able to invest it back into myself. I want to wrap it up so nicely. Valuing your time is a really complicated thing, but it's something that you really need to take into consideration. So knowing your worth when it comes to the amount of hours that go into something.
It's not always about the project itself, but it's about the time that it took to get the skill set to be able to do those projects. So I'd say that's a really big takeaway and then also the integrity that goes into that. You know you're going to be making decisions that are complicated and knowing what's best for you and your business that's really important and integrity is you know by far one of the most important things that goes into making these decisions. It's hard valuing what you do and your work and I I'd say the best place to start is talk to those around you who support you and reach out to those who you aspire to be. And you'll be surprised by the responses that you get. It's really a great place to start by having these conversations around money, around what to value yourself. And a lot of people have been there and been through these situations. So it's really nice to be able to have those people who support you.
At the end of the day, use money as a tool to be able to create what you love and surround yourself with people who really care about you and support you and your goals. And know that your work has value and it's so important and we love to see what you create.

출처 : [Instagram Creators] 사이트
브랜드가 원하는 크리에이터
Hi, my name is Amy Liu and I'm the founder and CEO of Tower28. We are thrilled to be part of the Instagram Creator Marketplace and wanted to tell you a few things that we look for when working with creators. So there are three things we actually look for when we're talking about developing relationships with creators. One, we're really looking for someone who has an affinity to us as a brand and with our products. Two, do we actually have an authentic connection with your community? So we're looking for like, are you actually in the comments? Are you engaging with your community? What are the things that they're coming to you?
for what are the things that they're looking for when they're in conversation with you free again it's like shared values right so like do we believe in the same things for instance we really believe in diversity we believe in sustainability clean products safer sensitive skin and we also have a tagline called it's okay to be sensitive so are those things that resonate with you and with your community so specifically we like to look at people's instagram feed because we can kind of dig into the comments and because we can see a little more clarity around around like the type of content you create, whether it's educational, are you like digging in and doing like how to use, telling real product benefits, like what is the takeaway that people are getting when they're watching your content? Hope this helps as you start thinking about creating new relationships and brand deals out there. And remember the main thing that we're looking for is for you to be you and for us to find ways to collaborate with you as you are and that we have an authentic relationship. Thanks.

출처 : [Instagram Creators] 사이트
브랜디드 콘텐츠 가격 책정하기
I'm tori, aka her first 100k.  on instagram, i talk about becoming financially independent and maximizing your income with valuable money-making tips. I started my account seven years ago and realized myself that making money on Instagram is super easy with branded partnerships. This is how you get the most bang for your buck and establish relationships with the brands that you use most. If you're a creator who wants to go full time, a reminder to never sell yourself short. Make sure you're pricing yourself correctly and competitively. You want to make sure that you think of all of the deliverables and the timeline, not just the actual content itself. Is there exclusivity you need to factor in? Where will the content be used? What about all of the administrative and engagement work that needs to be done outside of the actual content? The emailing back and forth, right? All of that needs to play into your pricing, not just the size of your audience. And remember to ask the brand what their budget is ahead of time as well, so you know what you're working with. Most content creators are creating content solo. I luckily have a team now behind me at Her First 100K, and this job is hard. Most creators are severely undercharging for their work.
We can't have equality for any marginalized group until we have financial equality. And the first step to that is talking transparently about what we're getting paid. That's why it's so important for creators to be having these transparent conversations and supporting each other. Remember, it pays to be you.

출처 : [Instagram Creators] 사이트
양질의 브랜디드 콘텐츠 만들기
Hey, it's Ashley, aka Ash Yee, and I'm here to break down ways on how to make money on Instagram as a full-time creator. I started monetizing my Instagram through brand and partnerships in 2020, and I haven't looked back. Brand and partnerships are great to do basically as ads on your page where it's very clear that the brand is sponsoring the post. I found that these sponsored posts reach a lot of people and perform well on my page. And my audience supports me working with brands that I'm aligned with. My biggest tip for creators who are interested in monetizing on Instagram are to number one, create content that speaks to your niche. Number two, make sure it's great quality content. Number three, make sure it's authentic to who you are as a person. Because if you're true to yourself, your audience and brands will notice and pay you more in the future. You just got to get started. After all, it pays to be you.

출처 : [Instagram Creators] 사이트
구독 콘텐츠 전략 세우기
Howdy my name is Elliot and here is how I launched my Instagram subscriptions. Before my subscription launched I wanted to get a feel for what people wanted so I teased out some new content that I usually don't put out and I just wanted to see how people were liking it if they were disliking it and I took that feedback and i genuinely just like asked my followers like what do you want to see what what is there that would make you pay to subscribe to me i was amazed by the response i honestly didn't think many people would subscribe to me but you know your followers they got your back they got your back i was just excited to show a different part of me that i haven't before and just be able to put really everything out there as a full-time content creator there's so much stuff that doesn't make it to the feed or doesn't make it to the story and that's what i wanted to make my subscription about but at the end of the day subscriptions is whatever you want it to be are you testing out new content are you showing exclusive things before they come out it's literally whatever you want it to be.

출처 : [Instagram Creators] 사이트
가치 있는 구독 콘텐츠 만들기
- hey, i'm steph cordial, and here's my advice for managing your subscription on Instagram.  i wanted to make sure that I was still producing top-notch content for my general audience.  so I found that making subscription content that was more focused on engaging my dedicated followers, like Q&As, Hosting private workouts customized for subscribers and behind the scenes of upcoming projects were great ways to build off of content. All of these were different ways to make my subscribers feel seen and appreciated. I started my subscription with a super ambitious schedule. When I needed to scale back, I always made sure to over communicate with my subscribers in order to manage expectations. My subscribers are such a supportive community and were incredibly understanding, especially because I was transparent about my process, both the successes and struggles. Now that I'm a couple months into subscriptions, I definitely still talk about it, though it's not the main focus of my content.
I make sure to provide sneak peeks as to what they could see in my subscription, but in general, I'm still making content that appeals to the larger audience and then letting them know that they can subscribe if they want to see more. And it's as simple as that. If the wider audience wants to invest in you and see what you're up to on a daily basis, they have the freedom to do that.

출처 : [Instagram Creators] 사이트
수익 창출을 시작할 때 주의해야 할 사항
It's your Rich BFF here and as you start making money on Instagram, here are three mistakes to avoid. Tip 1 Don't spend every dollar you make. Tax day happens every year, so when you get paid from brand deals, set aside 30-40 to cover your tax needs. Tip 2 Speaking of brand deals, when brands reach out, don't offer up your rates right away. Ask the brand for their budget first to make sure you're not selling yourself short. And last but not least, three, don't pay for business costs out of pocket. You're a business and you can write certain expenses off. Things like business travel, studio equipment, and subscriptions and apps you use to create your content can be written off of your total income. And it'll save you a pretty penny on your tax bill. Good luck and happy creating.

출처 : [Instagram Creators] 사이트
예산 입문
Oh nice, I just got paid. What do I do with the money? Venmo your landlord. Crop tops, mom jeans, club, another club. Save it, whatever. Hi y'all, I'm Berna aka Hey Berna, your financial hype woman. I'm a first gen Filipina daughter of immigrants and the mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell. Yeah, but you knew that, right? Because that's what we are learning in school. You know what we're not learning about in school? Money. Specifically, what am I supposed to do with it when they give it to me? Now, I paid off over $50,000 of debt and you know how I did it? To be honest, fair pay, hard work, Google, privilege, but also this beautiful thing with an ugly burrito burp of a name, budgeting. See, when your money is disorganized, it can lead to stress, anxiety poops, and spending your whole entire paycheck on the next Ivy Park drop.
Budgeting is just organizing your money so that you know exactly how much you can spend on the next Ivy Park drop and still be able to afford the rest of your life. It's hard decisions, but you know, we're all compromised under capitalism. But I don't like to think of budgeting as like, mmm, spreadsheets, calculators, finances. Why not? I think of budgeting as being the CEO of your life. And your job is to hand out money to your employees so they can do their work and help you live your best. Who are your employees? Well, as a creator, you start off with at least four. We have adulting. My job as adulting is to take care of all of your basic survival needs. I got your housing, transportation, food, utilities, healthcare. Whatever you need to literally live. That's me.  sometimes i'm british.  i'm a Virgo Sun and it shows.  we have fun or ratchetry as I like to say.  what? My job is to make sure you actually enjoy your life.  it's Ivy Park money, okay? It's random boba money.
it's whatever you want.  treat yourself.  i don't need it to survive but I do need it to thrive money.  p.S.  i don't party with adulting, okay? I'm separate.  can't even share an Uber, okay? Messes with the vibes. We have savings. Could you keep your voice down? My job is to make sure you have money for your future goals. Cover your butt in an emergency. Buy a car, take a trip, pay off debt. I don't care. Don't look at me. Don't talk to me. Don't think about me unless you're depositing money or achieving your goal. Okay, till then phone on do not disturb permanently. Can you close the door on your way out? And finally, we have taxes. Now we'll talk about taxes way more in a future video, but since I am not a tax professional, I cannot give you real tax advice. For now, all you gotta know is as a creator, you do gotta pay taxes on your own. And so you do gotta put away money on the side for it.
Now, when you're just starting out, budgeting just means making sure each of your employees has enough money to do their job, AKA separate out your paycheck into each of those four categories. How much is each category supposed to have? That's totally up to you. The best you can do is look at the last two months of your life, estimate as best as you can how much you're going to need in each category for the next month of your life, and then you make it right in each category until every dollar has a job and then you see what happens. Now, important, budgeting does not mean you make one set of rules forever and then if you break that set of rules, you're a failure. No, not in this household. In fact, you're probably going to get to the end of next month and be like, You thought $100 was enough for groceries? How cute. We're gonna try $150 next time. Okay. Okay. We did a lot last month. We did a lot. Kind of painful. Could have donated some to adulting. You're trying to go to Santorini when? With whom's money? I need to see deposits.
And that's okay. That is budgeting. You're budgeting. I'm so proud of you. Your budget should be flexible and change the way your life does. I still change my budgeting rules all the damn time. I'm a financial educator. Speaking of time, it is time for a nap. What matters, my dear CEO, is that you are budgeting. You are responsibly experimenting with cutting up your paycheck, which means you're one giant step closer to finally controlling your finances and your life. Stay tuned for our next episode. I'm going to teach you how to set up your bank accounts to make this whole thing hella easier. Till next time, I'm Berna, aka HeyBerna, your financial hype woman. Tip your service workers. Bye.

출처 : [Instagram Creators] 사이트
전업 크리에이터 되기
I know it's really scary going full time and becoming a creator. I quit my job and went for a full time. But I think the best thing you can do is before you go full time, test and learn. Start doing it in your free time. That's how I got started. I think one of the moments I considered the fact that I can monetize my passion was when a corporation reached out to me and they wanted to pay me to teach their employees how to make my favorite dish and I was like, are you kidding? Like what a dream job. I get to teach you how to make one of my favorite foods and get paid for it. - We're on a completely new path that no one has ever walked before. so exciting. Nobody really has it figured out in the beginning and everything is just a learning process. So give yourself time to try and make sure you are not overwhelmed with everything you're doing. Just take one step at a time. You don't have to do everything at once. Even the most successful people have dinner in the evening and spend time with their friends.
Freelance opportunities come and go. You can have three freelance opportunities this month and then none for the next three months. So you have to be really, really organized when it comes to saving money for rent and food. and all that fun stuff. For me, I have always had issues with time management. I procrastinate a lot and so when I went full-time as a creator, I was like, I need to get better at this. This is a skill set that will help me in my journey in my business, but also just in my life in general. So I made it a point to be a lot better at managing my time and also organizing. And so The tool wall behind me was actually a first step in that direction. It was to be able to create a space where everything had a place to go. So reading contracts, sending invoices and learning how to file taxes. Because if you're going full time, you really need to learn how to be self-employed.
Just because you're not wearing a suit and tie doesn't mean you're not a business person. If you're planning on being a content creator full time, you have to treat it like any other job. You know, you can't decide that you have nothing to do and go play video games. The people who are super successful and look like they have everything sorted out, they probably have teams. They probably have a whole bunch of people who work with them. Very few people are doing this job completely solo by themselves. It takes a village. So build your village, build your team because you do not have to do it alone. You should not have to do it alone. And that allows you more time and energy and love to give into your creative magic. that you want to bring into the world. I think as a creator you're always gradually building up so many different skills.
You can start with being on camera, then you get into editing, then you might get into presenting, you work on your writing, you work on your modelling, you work on your PR skills. You do so many different jobs, you're so multi-hyphen in your day-to-day life that I don't know, it almost feels like you've never reached that point of, This is it. I am now a creator. You're always learning, and that's exciting. There's something new and different to do and to learn every single day.
