출처 : 유튜브 [creator insider]
YouTube just announced communities at Made on YouTube. We're at the event recording this now. Tell us about communities. Sure, Rene. Look, communities are really important to creators on YouTube. When you get advice for new creators, one of the things that we hear is spend time with communities, learn from your fans, get to know them. And that's so important to shaping your channel and your identity and really just having a great connection on YouTube. And so we've built this new communities feature because what we found was that a creator had to start every conversation. Whether they're uploading a video or making a post, everything was creator-led. And what we really wanted was a space where where big fans could start conversations.
 They can share photos, they can talk about their thoughts, and it's in this space where they can go back and forth with each other, and the creator can participate, and just have a lot more rich interaction around this creator and these shared interests. Before I joined YouTube, that was one of my biggest requests. And I know some people think, Oh, poor creator, you have to start conversations. But there's so many jobs as a creator and people keep creating new places for us to post. And are you supposed to post in the new one? And who maintains the old one? And just the idea that the community could be part of keeping it like vibrant and fresh all the time was huge for me. - Oh, it's great and we're excited to see that. You know, we know there's a big surge in comments and fan interaction right after a video posts. And that's excellent, we love that. But we also want there to be a moment where you don't have to be as a creator making that post for that to happen. And so anytime that a fan is inspired or wants to share something, they can help keep things going. Yeah, I love that. Andrew, you've been in the communities beta.
Yes. What's it been like for you so far? It's been interesting. So what you said a minute ago was like, you know, poor creator, you have to make all the posts. I never really felt like that, right? But to use the word community on the community tab as it exists, right? Community is not... one person starts everything and then people can just respond to it. That's not a community in my opinion. It's a broadcast. Right. Anyone can contribute. So it wasn't that I felt like, oh, this burden is all on me to make a community happen. It was more, I wish people had an opportunity to commune with each other, even if I'm at an event and I'm busy all day, right? Let's say there's a big Google event. We're here at this Google event. I'm here all day. I would love for people who watch my channel to be able to talk to each other about what's happening here while I'm busy doing other things. And that just couldn't happen before. So having a space. And I remember we were talking.
Don't just leave a comment down below. If you have your own thoughts or your own opinions or something else to share, use the new community tab.
 Is that how you're seeing, or how are you seeing creators use communities so far? Yeah, I think that those were some great examples, and we're seeing more, too. It's great seeing different channels, seeing their communities light up in different ways. You know, one example is Aquarium Co-op. We see people sharing fish tank setups and talking about those. We've seen fitness channels where people People have been really excited to share their journeys and progress photos. And what's been really delightful about that is seeing fans also supporting each other in those journeys. Similarly, there's been a baking channel where we've seen people posting some of their baking triumphs and maybe a few tragedies. But they're bonding over it. They're sharing thoughts with each other. And it's great to see not just the fan and the creator going back and forth, but also fans mixing with each other. And what sort of features does Community have when it launches? What are you going to be able to post? Text? Images? Yeah, it's a great question.
 We're able to use You can have images in your posts. You can have multiple images. And we don't support videos yet, but it's something we're certainly thinking about. And the important thing is that when you're a viewer, you know it's audience. So you're sharing this, and it's going to this dedicated space that's associated with that creator. And the people who are going to see that are people those other fans. Yeah. I think there's a myth that when YouTube launches something new, we artificially sort of push it in front of people. But I think like it's the opposite. It gets pulled in front of people because there's just not a lot of stuff in it yet. And if you get involved early on, yours is some of the first stuff that people are going to see in it. That's a great way to put it. And I do think about it the same way. It's, it's, when these spaces are newer, it's just there's less in them. And so people who are posting or engaging are in this new space. And so things do get a little more seen.
 Right now, YouTube is in order to contribute, If you're not a video creator, you can leave comments. That's pretty much it, right? That's your contribution is to leave a comment on a video that may or may not be seen by the creator. Usually when you post a comment, you're hoping it's the creator who sees it. Although obviously other commenters can see it. Now with communities, you can literally commune and post with others regardless of if the creator sees it or not. And maybe you still may want the creator to see it and respond too. But again, you can almost be a superstar or a sidekick in a way to the creator by being active in their community. People will get to know you from that community as well, right? So I would love to see people feel that they can also contribute more meaningfully. Not that comments aren't meaningful, but post your pictures, post your GIFs, post your... If videos are allowed to be posted, post those.
And really like latch into a community and commune there. Almost like you do, people do on Reddit. Like there's subreddits people love. And they, you know, if you're not a mod, you can still get like different flares. And basically you get recognized as a contributing member of this community on Reddit. And I would love to see something like that on YouTube too. Yeah. Is there maybe a continuum here? Because we've seen with shorts, for example, there are more people who may not want to make like a long form video, but they want to participate. They want to have their voice heard. And maybe in previous generations, they would have gone to forums to do that. And then next, they might have posted on social media. And now maybe that they do want to actually like talk and be on shorts, but maybe they need like a little bridge into that world and communities could be a place to start. Yeah. Communities can be a good place for that, especially for photos and posts. And what it does let you do is get your ideas out into the world with this friendlier audience.
 And so as a creator driving a community, you are able to moderate that content. You are able to decide if a post should stay or not, regardless of whether you created it or it was a member of your community, not unlike comments on your videos. Who can post in communities now? Is it anybody on YouTube can post in communities, or are there just certain people per channel? Yeah, so right now the way we've built communities is that you do need to be a subscriber of a channel in order to post.
 Aaron any tips that you found so far for people using communities any sort of pro tips?
 Yeah, I do think a couple things to come to mind, you know, it is that definitely listen and engage with your community. I think that it's always fascinating to see who's engaged, who and why. I think the other thing we're seeing just in the earliest days of testing fan communities, this communities feature, is the more reasons you can give someone to post or contribute, it's a great way to seed the community and sort of nudge it in a direction if you have some ideas. And not every nudge will work. And It's a bit of an experimentation. But we do see that people get used to some style of posting and they see it works and then more fans start to do it more too. So if you can plant those seeds and experiment with prompts, I think it's a great way to sort of till the earth to help make it a fertile place to grow a community. Yeah, establish your meme reviews in community. Andrew, what would you like to see in community? Like now that you've been using communities for a while, what else would you like to see with them?
 I think, I mean, you are leading communities and live.  yes.  right? so i think there's one thing I would love to see in communities is that live chat component.  like when you have a live video or when you're doing a premiere, right? You have the live chat where people can interact with each other there.  that feels like a natural feature to the community tab for me.  it's almost like having... a mini discord or a mini slack on your channel. Um, also the, uh, I forget what they're called now, but when you're live and you're a member, you have like... Badges, the emojis? Yes, like the custom badges, the custom emojis, things like that to just make the community area a little more fun. Maybe you can earn badges or things that you can post with that other people don't have yet because they haven't participated as much. Create that photo. Exactly. And just get people…
 It's gamifying the experience, I think, which, quite honestly, the whole reason that word exists is because it works. So letting me gamify a little bit. Hey, we have this upcoming event or this upcoming device that's coming out. Here's my challenge that I'm setting out to my community and have at it and then earn something for it. And how nice is it to be recognized? If you're one of the people helping to make this thing go and make it happen, it's nice to... have some decoration, some way for the creator and for others to know, hey, this person's on it. They're part of it. Yes. And I know it's not the chat experience, but I do think communities gives creators that stable place where people can go and create threads for them, which we've never had before on YouTube. So even if I'm not posting a video that day, I'm not live that day, you can still go and start your own thread there. And the community just keeps going, which I love.

출처 : 유튜브 [creator insider]
Another bit of advice that I really loved. You said, look at the subscription tab, because that's a way to see how your core audience is reacting without any involvement from the algorithm. Right. So the way that works, the subscription tab is just a chronological feed of that viewer's channels that they've subscribed to. So it's a pretty consistent... audience that's going into that tab to catch up on their subscriptions that doesn't have any sort of like dynamics of the recommendation system in it.
 And so why I encourage creators to look at that is because it's kind of a controlled little area And then you can look at like, well, what is the click-through rate and what is the average view duration of subscribers who are looking for those videos in their feed? And it can give you a little bit more of a benchmark to kind of on the content in an apples to apples. Yeah. Is it me or is it the algorithm? Yeah, I would just look at it, compare your videos. It can help you understand, oh, well, people aren't clicking on this in the subscriptions feed as much as they did my last video. What can I learn from that? Maybe it's the thumbnail or the intro to the video. Or the topic's not as broadly appealing. Because I think sometimes people forget that Like, you can only-- like, you'll recommend a video to an audience, but some videos naturally have a smaller audience than other videos, or they have a much more narrow focus, or just the broadness of appeal is different. That's right.

출처 : 유튜브 고객센터
게시물 팁
다음은 게시할 내용에 대한 팁과 아이디어입니다.
다음에 어떤 동영상을 보고 싶은지 묻는 설문조사를 진행하세요.
최고의 순간이 담긴 GIF로 예정된 특별 공지 또는 동영상에 대한 궁금증을 유발하세요.
특별한 비하인드 스토리 사진을 공유하세요.
제품, 북투어 또는 다음 콘서트의 티켓도 홍보해 보세요.
@멘션을 사용하여 동료 크리에이터와 공동작업한 동영상을 홍보하거나 팬 또는 동료 크리에이터에게 인사를 전하세요.
채널 멤버십을 사용하는 채널의 경우, 회원 전용 게시물을 만들어 채널 회원을 대상으로 회원 전용 콘텐츠를 공유하세요.
권장사항
정기적으로 게시물을 올려 동영상 업로드를 보완하세요. 시청자와 상호작용하며 적극적인 참여와 흥미를 유도하세요.

출처 : 유튜브 [youtube creator]
The comments tab in the YouTube Studio mobile app is now the community hub. This hub is a central destination for interacting with comments and learning more about your viewers. You can see comments, returning viewers, and reply to comments using editable reply suggestions. There's also a community spotlight featuring some of your most engaged commenters. We hope these updates help you better interact with your viewers.

출처 : 유튜브 [youtube creator]
There is a member on my channel that will gift 20 to 50 memberships almost every single live stream.  and I stream twice a week, so it ends up being upwards of 100 memberships a month.  i'm emily d.  baker.  i am a legal commentator and lawyer.  i live stream on YouTube.  i host The Emily Show podcast.  welcome to The Emily Show, the internet's go-to legal analyst.  i break down the pop culture and criminal cases that everybody's talking about. We are now in session. I started doing channel memberships on my YouTube channel because my community asked me for content that really didn't fit in the content that I live stream. So my son's entire color guard is obsessed with Taylor Swift, as one does. I think any creator that wants to connect with their community, which should be all creators, would benefit from channel memberships. But it's great seeing how long you guys have been members for. It's so much fun. You don't have to have a ton of subscribers to have a thriving community on YouTube. I turned on channel memberships when my channel was just over 10,000 subscribers.
 The members-only livestream is the first Thursday of the month. month and sometimes it's a lot of fun as your channel is growing to let your community be there for the ride. Hello amazing members. The thing that I think can overwhelm creators is trying to figure out how to manage all the moving pieces. YouTube bakes in so many great benefits. You just turn them on and you don't have to facilitate anything off platform. Our member loyalty badges are by far the thing my members love the most. And that is a custom icon that I created that goes next to their name. And the way I decided to do it was to change color based on how long they'd been a member. I'm going to have members on my channel that hit the three year, four year and beyond mark. And I can't wait to celebrate with them. It's time for our members only live stream. The member only live chats. I think of it as a tailgate party before my live streams. Good to see you. If you want to chat in the time leading up to a live stream, that's turned on for members only. Same with my premiere videos.
 I also tell stories about my life. Let's have a chat about today. And then the podcast recording starts. is a lot of fun for me. I let the members in as I record my podcast. Full transparency, this is our behind the scenes. They get to see all the outtakes, the retakes. So this is how I feel. And they get to ask questions as I'm finishing recording. Do you worry about running into lawyers that we've been a little critical of? No. And that can really help me not just answer the questions the audience has as I'm recording. And I appreciate the all of the questions, but know that the podcast audience is going to have those questions too. And they get a member shout out as I answer their questions and record that behind the scenes. I'm going to have to start recording. We got to start recording. We have to start. I mean, I'm going to be recording it anyway. Might as well do it with the members. They're basically my content directors and my legal research team. The members are like, girl, what you said was this. And I think what you meant was this. And then I can reshoot. And now we're here. And I love y'all.
 Gifted Memberships is one of the coolest, things I've ever seen. Brandy, thank you for the gifted memberships. And those memberships are distributed to people that are in the chat. And then they get a full month of access to everything I have in the member spaces. I realized I was getting asked quite a lot. How do I turn on channel memberships? I now have a set blurb about how to turn on channel memberships so that people can receive them as gifts. And it's really a great trial period for people to get to experience what it's like as a member. Channel members have a lot of impact on the content that I create. So all of you that are excited for this topic, go thank the members. I regularly ask them, do you want me to cover this or that? And it's so nice knowing that those are the most invested viewers on my channel that they get to sway the direction of the content that I cover. Y'all talk amongst yourselves.
And knowing that your videos are going to perform because your core community had a part in creating it takes a lot of pressure off as a creator. Amazing law nerds. What I love about having the ability to make videos just for your members, if you want to experiment with potentially shifting your core content, you actually have now an incubator and that gives you incredible freedom as a creator to grow and to change and to experiment. Because most of us started creating videos because we had something to say and wanted to share. - Law nerds, we are called to order. - And if you keep doing that for a certain amount of years, those things are gonna grow and change. I want all of the creators to turn on channel memberships. I think they'd be happier creators if they did. We're here and I love it the most. When creators are happy and communities are happy, it makes a platform a really fun place to be. Hit record on that and then we'll hit record on this and then we'll just jump right in.

출처 : 유튜브 [youtube creator]
But how do you interact with your audience? I'm interested to know that.
Do you specifically reply to comments or, I don't know, give us a little insight into your community? Yeah, so for my audience, I think when I started out and even up to now, one of the things I try to do is to reply to as many comments as possible. So if I drop a new video, I reply to a lot of comments. Even my last video I dropped yesterday, I think I've replied to probably maybe like 10, 20 comments now. And I'm still going to go back again and reply to it. I think that's one of the best ways to interact because it's like, like, for somebody to take out time out of their day to watch your video and comment. There's usually some people who even have like five, six, seven lines of comments. Like, it means they took time to type that thing out. And then if you don't respond or if you don't reply or they see that you don't reply, it's not, you know, you can't, you're not engaging. That means you're not engaging with your audience. And then, For me, an engaged audience is very important. I always like to feel like we are in conversations because from there you can even get feedback or ideas for your videos.
 So I use my comments, I use my community tab. I posted a video two days ago, the video got demonetized, so I had to take it down and I had to go to my community tab to tell them that, oh, okay, this is what happened because some people were watching the video when it got taken down. So community tab is also one I use. Comment, the comment, I also use the comment. And another one I started doing last year was if I go to a country, I try to do meetups because there's nothing... I did a meetup in London, I did a meetup in New York, and it was interesting actually seeing the people who watch you physically. I think about 50 people came, so 50 people, they are people who watch me. So interacting with them in real life was very interesting for me, because for me, community is everything. Community is the most important reason why we still even exist on this platform, because if there was no community, you just post videos and nobody watches.
So I believe interacting and keeping that community interaction healthy is very key. When you realize these people behind the usernames are real people, it's such a weird feeling. It's crazy. But Simi, have you ever been to a convention or anything? Have you ever met any of your viewers? I did have that happen to me. in Germany I went to a gaming convention Gamescom and uh Gamescom there are loads of stalls to like buy all sorts of trinkets and I was on a last minute dash to get something for my family before I came back home and they're like hey what you went abroad you didn't get us anything so I was on a last minute dash um and there was someone that was walking up towards me and I was like is why are they coming towards me I wasn't I wasn't sure what was going on they were like hey uh Tamago, are you a YouTuber? I was like, No way, did I just get recognized in a whole other country. So, you know, it's something which is quite astounding to realize, well, people all over the world are watching.
 I mean, you don't even have to get recognized in person to realize it. Just looking at your YouTube studio analytics and seeing what countries people are watching from, these are real analytics. You can see people watching from all these countries. And it can be really heartwarming. And especially when you have that kind of like, support all over the world. It can bolster you as a creator. It can give you that drive to continue and also give you a sense of confidence in what you're doing that you know that there are people who are watching it. So, Ty, I know that you've been able to leverage the support of your audience in many ways throughout the years.

출처 : 유튜브 [youtube creator]
 And then it goes on and does even better And you think, why did that one? I put so much effort into all these other things. And then this rant that I made about something goes off. So it just goes to show you can't always predict it and you have to like ride the waves, right? Yeah, definitely. But when your videos do do well, do you get the insights from your audience? Does that sort of like refine your content over time? Yes and no. I mean, when my videos do well, because of the nature of my niche, it's often a lot of people that see themselves in the things that I'm saying. So if I'm making a video about autistic traits, they will be like, Oh, wow, you've just described my personal experience completely. So actually one of my best performing videos was like five signs you have autism and ADHD. And it was just me listing my internal experience. And most of the comments are just that like, you just described me completely. This is so spooky kind of thing.
 So that gives me a really good indication that those videos will do well, that are very experiential, that people want to relate to something, especially people in sort of neuro minorities and stuff like that. And then sometimes also I do, that's a strategy also for engagement that I use. I ask for feedback. I say, I'm doing this video. Would you like it if I did this video? Comment below. And then I get a whole bunch of comments, which is great for engagement. But I can also see, oh yeah, they actually do want me to make that. So that would be an interesting one to go. So I kind of use it. It's really easy to get bogged down in feedback. focusing on comments, especially negative comments that you see. You can tell yourself over and over again not to pay any attention to it. But at the end of the day, we're human and we don't have, well, for the most part, I don't have anyone pre-screening the comments.
 And sometimes you just want to go and check your analytics and not see what somebody has to say about your appearance that day or whatever. So it's a little bit about... finding, again, should we just retitle this, Finding Balance? Finding the balance between knowing your audience a little bit and not really getting very obsessed with some of the things that people say online. Right. And actually saying, okay, well, a YouTube comment maybe isn't the place to be looking for genuine insights into criticism. might be, but overall, you can generally tell if you've done a good job from the nicer comments too. Right. Absolutely makes sense. And what I'm getting from this is that you do like looking into insights from your audience to get a sense of how they're feeling. But for a creator that's just starting out, they don't really have that resource of having an audience.

출처 : 유튜브 [youtube creator]
So what do you attribute to the growth you guys have experienced on your channel? Community tab posts. It's like life changing. And we go on people's channels sometimes and I click on the, just to see what they do to get inspiration. And sometimes it says, this person's never posted on their community tab. And I'm like, my drawers are on the floor, I can't believe it. I am guilty of that. Oh, you're choking. I need to learn your ways, guys, with the community tab. I heard that one creator, we don't do it this extreme. Like we maybe post…
twice a week on there just like little bits involved like behind the scenes I guess once a week sometimes but there is one um creator that I know and she and I've heard I haven't been on hers actually but she uses it like Instagram right she's like always posting and and it's just I mean no platform I mean but she uses it so much and she's built up like such a massive community you can tell through the community posts I feel like it's an easy way to remind people that don't want to watch the full video at the time to maybe go back to it later. If you're like, don't forget I posted like three days ago and this is what it's about. - It's quite a good way because you could do like subliminally, oh look at that word. So you could like do a poll and then you'd be like, oh if you haven't checked, especially if you like link to your video, you could be like, oh don't forget, like there's a video about it. So all of like, something big happens in their life, people share a photo. - Right. - And I think it's a nice way of kind of like just keeping your community up to date. with what's going on in your life. - Just like little life updates. And another good way to use it is for-- - It long does it even. - Literally takes like a minute.
And another good way is using for video ideas. So like with the polls, it's like what do you want to see at the moment? Is it pranks, is it vlogs, is it challenges? And then people will reply in the poll, but then actually reply like, We want to see this exact video. And it's just life changing. - Do you use it? - I use the community tab. I've actually been, thank you, thank you. I've been a big fan of the community tab, especially recently because Similar to how you described your friend uses it, I just find it a really good way to have these small little touch points with the viewers. Because I think this is the case for a lot of creators, but for me, my YouTube channel is where most of my viewers are, because that's where I actually put out my content. and so for me to reach out for them I just find it to be the easiest place. One thing I really like doing is whenever I unlock a new emote slot because I've reached a new like membership milestone, I give them a few options of what emote I can add next and I put that in a poll because YouTube community tab has the image polls. Oh my god that's so yeah they're so good.

출처 : 유튜브 [youtube creator]
 it was just amazing that's what I mean like the opportunities that come from it but how do you guys measure your success on YouTube is it from things like the brand deals or is it from the amount of views or the analytics side of YouTube when do you know a video has done well or you've done well you you take yourself out for dinner because you think pat on the back yeah give yourself a little pat on the back I feel like you back in the like maybe like three or four years ago maybe measured on views I like subscribers but now I feel like we've matured and we've been in in the game a longer time. That's so crazy to say. But now that we've matured, I feel like that's not as important to us. So obviously it's nice to know that people are watching your videos, but I feel like - But like, views go up and down anyway. So I feel like if you just track views, I feel like you can find yourself in a little bit of a dark space sometimes. - Because that's like, measuring your success on that, it's just so up and down. But I feel like, I feel like probably the comments.
 I think comments, especially when you get like beefy, real comments, and like, you know, someone's sat there and actually bit a proper comment. - I feel like that's one thing that we do get on YouTube, which is really good, is people, of physically typing big comments rather than like the quick ones are still like fun. Yeah. But a lot of people be like, I'm fast to comment on the video. But the actual ones where they share how it's impacted their day. I don't know. I feel like that's just one way. we're quite hot on like looking through comments a lot because I know some creators do look at comments a lot on your videos. I tend to myself yeah and I get what you mean about the ones that definitely seem to be more heartfelt like you know someone took the time to write you a message it doesn't just feel like a comment but that's it a message that's it yeah yeah no I agree yeah I get the comments on the Sunday morning because I've uploaded on a Sunday morning so regularly now a girl actually stopped me on the train the other day and she was like thank you for making my Sundays. It's the comments like that. And people say that your videos are part of their routine.
Yeah. Daily life. It still blows my mind 10 years later. But yeah, I think, I think it's the comments as well. I feel like you do forget when you put content up and it's like when you meet people in real life, that's when you're like, Oh my God, Like people just make a big impact. Yeah, they're real. There's real people behind it. There's real people in the other end. Yeah, I know, it's crazy. I feel like that's really nice that you are measuring your success in terms of the actual impact you're having on your viewers because it can be quite easy for creators to get caught up in,

출처 : 유튜브 [youtube creator]
 We're rolling out a new post-only feed on mobile. We know community posts are an increasingly popular way for you to communicate with your audiences, so we've added the post-only feed for Android and iOS mobile devices, which give more opportunities for viewers to engage with posts you share on your community tabs. Viewers can access the post-only feed from the home feed by clicking the View All Post button that shows on some community posts. You can now feature top community clips publicly on your channel page, making them easier to discover and encourage viewer participation. To set this up, head to the YouTube Studio Customization tab, then click Add Section. Choose the Top Community Clips section, then click Publish. Top clips made from your video content will then be publicly visible on your channel page, organized by views and recency. If you're an audio-first podcast creator, you can now submit your podcast RSS feed to YouTube.
 When you do this, a static image video will be created for podcast episodes on your RSS feed using your podcast episode or show art. YouTube will upload new episodes automatically on your behalf and notify your eligible subscribers. To submit your RSS feed, head to Studio, then Create.


