출처 : 유튜브 고객센터
어떤 콘텐츠를 제작해야 할지 알아보기 위한 팁
어떤 종류의 콘텐츠를 제작할지 결정할 때는 YouTube 분석을 참고해 동영상 실적에 관련된 이유와 방법을 정확히 이해하는 것이 중요합니다. YouTube 분석의 데이터를 활용하면 시청자가 가장 많이 상호작용하는 콘텐츠를 파악한 다음 이를 토대로 가장 공들여 제작할 콘텐츠를 결정할 수 있습니다.
다음은 시작하는 데 도움이 되는 몇 가지 단계입니다.
채널 콘텐츠 정리.
콘텐츠를 분류할 만한 '그룹'이 있나요?
형식, 시리즈, 스타일 또는 어조
의도한 시청자층
주제의 지속성
제작 비용/예산
분석을 사용하면 채널 콘텐츠 그룹을 만들거나 채널 재생목록을 사용하여 해당 동영상들의 실적 데이터를 확인할 수 있습니다. 이 첫 번째 단계는 콘텐츠 제작 시 데이터에 기반한 결정을 내릴 수 있도록 패턴과 추세를 파악하는 데 도움이 됩니다.
데이터 세부 분석.
장기간(예: 90일)에 걸쳐 수집한 그룹의 측정항목을 살펴보겠습니다. 다음 사항에 유의하여 공유 기간 동안 그룹의 실적을 검토하세요.
특정 기간 동안 증가나 감소가 발생한 그룹이 있었나요? 언제, 어떤 이유로 발생했나요?
특정 영역에서 실적이 우수하거나 저조한 그룹이 있나요?
그룹 내 각 동영상 또는 에피소드의 평균 값은 얼마인가요? 인기 동영상 1개가 이 평균 값을 왜곡하나요?
이 크리에이터는 분석에서 브이로그와 튜토리얼을 두 그룹으로 구분한 후, 연말연시 관련 튜토리얼을 업로드할 때 한 번 반짝 최고점을 기록한 것을 제외하고는 브이로그가 튜토리얼보다 실적이 우수하다는 사실을 발견했습니다.
실적이 우수한 형식과 실적이 저조한 형식 모두에서 전반적인 실적 향상을 주도하는 개별 에피소드나 동영상을 살펴봐야 합니다. 다음 항목에서 패턴을 살펴보세요.
주제
썸네일 및 제목
길이 및 시청 지속 시간
총 재생 시간 대비 평균 시청 지속 시간 및 평균 조회율(길이가 더 길거나 짧은 에피소드가 다른 에피소드에 비해 실적이 더 좋은가요?)
이 크리에이터는 브이로그가 튜토리얼보다 평균 시청 지속 시간이 더 길다는 점도 확인했습니다.
이후의 편성을 계획하려면 무엇보다도 시청자층을 이해해야 합니다. 채널 수준과 콘텐츠 그룹 모두에서 다음 데이터를 살펴보세요.
연령, 성별, 지역
구독자 및 비구독자 비중
시청자 관심분야 카드
주요 시청자층에 맞춤화된 콘텐츠를 제작하기 위해 추가적인 조치를 취할 수 있나요? 아니면 새로운 시청자층에 도달하나요?
이 크리에이터는 비구독자 시청자층이 대부분이라는 사실을 발견했습니다. 브이로그에 다시 초점을 맞추고 시청자층의 구독을 유도하는 클릭 유도 문구를 추가하면서 채널이 성장했습니다.
제작할 콘텐츠를 결정할 때는 내가 좋아하는 것과 데이터가 나타내는 조사 결과 사이에서 균형을 유지해야 합니다. 이러한 관점을 바탕으로 채널이 성공하고 시청자 만족도가 높을 가능성이 가장 큰 콘텐츠를 다음 콘텐츠로 결정할 수 있습니다.
주의사항
과거 동영상 실적에 관련된 이유와 방법을 정확히 이해하면 향후 콘텐츠 계획에 직접적인 도움이 됩니다.
트렌드를 추구하는 시청자층은 기존의 팬층과 차이가 있습니다. 예를 들어 뷰티 크리에이터인 경우 피트니스 트렌드 관련 콘텐츠를 제작하는 것은 적합하지 않을 수 있습니다.
권장사항
지속가능성: 트렌드로 성공을 거두더라도 콘텐츠 자체보다는 트렌드의 인기에 따라 시청률이 상승하거나 하락합니다. 항상 새로운 최신 트렌드를 쫓기보다는 나만의 고유하고 지속 가능한 콘텐츠에 집중하는 것이 좋습니다.
일회성 이상의 이벤트로 진행: 시청자의 관심을 끌고 시청률을 장기적으로 유지할 수 있는 반복 가능한 형식을 생각해 보세요.




출처 : 유튜브 [youtube creator]
The Inspiration tab in YouTube Studio Desktop can transform how you approach ideation and content creation. To get started, head to YouTube Studio on Desktop, then the Content page, then Inspiration. Here, kickstart your creative process with AI suggestions or brainstorm a new one. To generate a new idea, type a prompt in the prompt box and click Create Ideas. For example, you could enter newest fashion trends or cooking 101. You can also use the suggestion chips on the prompt box for more inspiration. You'll see a list of content ideas and when you find one you like, you can click on it to see more details. After clicking an idea, you'll see a suggested outline for your content, title ideas, and potential thumbnail options. You can refine each section by clicking Show More. On the outline page, you can make updates to the entire outline or click on a section to make specific changes. try something like Incorporate Humor.
Hover over a section to copy the text, delete the section, or give feedback. Under Titles, you can generate new titles by describing your idea in the prompt box or select a specific title to refine. You can try a prompt like Make it Shorter, Select a title to copy or send feedback. You'll also see suggested thumbnails related to the idea. On the thumbnails page, you can describe your idea for a thumbnail and generate options. Try a prompt like chocolate desserts or low top basketball shoes. When you find one you like, you can select it to refine it further. When you're happy with the thumbnail, select it to download it to your computer. Make sure to click the Save button to save your progress for later. You can access your saved ideas from the Inspiration tab. We hope these updates help give you a starting point for brainstorming content. For more info and availability, check out the links in the description.
You can add up to four elements to your end screen, and you can edit both the timing and the placement of your end screen elements. To edit the timing, drag and drop the blue bar in the timeline to set where you want the end screen to show, or you can enter a specific timecode. To edit the placement, use the Preview video player to drag and drop the element. The preview window will show you how the elements will show against your video, so you can check and ensure nothing is interfering with important visuals in your video. You can also click the grid icon to decide if you want the preview player to show a grid over the video preview, snap to grid, and snap to element for help with placing your elements. If you change your mind about what you added, you can use undo, redo, or the trash icon to make edits or delete the element. Once you're done adding and editing your end screen elements, click save.




출처 : 유튜브 [youtube creator]
Let's dive into this month's roundup. If you make shorts on Android, you can now create voiceover tracks using the text-to-speech tool. Once you finish recording your short, tap the text icon to add text to your video. After you type out your text, select the voice options icon in the upper left corner to choose which voice you want to use. You can edit the timing of the text by tapping it and selecting timing, or by tapping the timeline icon from the bottom menu. This is currently available on Android with iOS rolling out soon.

출처 : 유튜브 [youtube creator]
We've updated the Erase Song feature on your Video Copyright Details page.  this feature lets you easily remove copyright claimed songs from your video while leaving the rest of the audio, like voiceover and background noise, untouched.  this option is also now available on youtube studio mobile.  if this option doesn't work for you, you can still use the Mute All Sound option.  check out the links in the description for more info, and don't forget to leave us a comment.  we'll see you next time.  bye!


출처 : 유튜브 [youtube creator]
 A lot of people, I assume, would really look up to you for your numbers and want to know how you've done it, really. Man, there's no simple answer to that question. Because there are so many, like, I think it's just, I think, and that's what I think I tell, like, creators who are just getting started. I think one of the most important things that I've held on to, like since I started and up to now that I feel like very important for a lot of creators is like, they should just fall in love with making videos. Like I think for me, it was just like, I love making videos. So like whether I'm at 10,000, I'm at 100,000, I'm at 1 million, like the love for making videos is what pushes me and drives me to keep creating every day. And yeah, it's exciting that, oh, I'm close to this one million mark that, you know, like very soon I'm going to hit it. But I think what got me there or what is getting me there and what has taken me this far is just falling in love with making videos.
And I think that's the number one strategy. Because if you fall in love with making videos, you know, every other thing in terms of like, oh, you want to, you know, make videos. come up with better ideas, come up with better stories, learn how to film, learn how to make good thumbnails, learn, watch a lot of videos online about what strategies other creators are using. All of that will come much, much easy, much easily because YouTube is something where you have to constantly evolve. How I got to 100 subscribers is different from how I got to 1,000, different from 10,000, 100,000, and how I'm trying to get to 1 million because you have to keep on learning. So, I don't really know if there's any strategy. I would just say, I would say, I would say that you fall in love with making content.
 I think one of the things I did, so if I'm, if I'm going to be like, I'm talking about like practical stuff now was I kind of like focused more on, you know, like a lot of YouTubers, one of the mistakes a lot of YouTubers make, which I also made when I started was making different types of, you know, different types of content, which is not a mistake, but it's like, if you're not if you don't if your channel doesn't have something that is specifically known for it becomes a problem so it's like i was making i even made a food video i made a food i made food videos i made tech videos i made tutorials i made trout i was making everything and then my channel just was very scattered but it was good at the beginning to figure out what i actually loved um making videos about and when i figured out that oh okay What are the three types of content you really love making videos about? And I realized that, okay, it was real estate, business stories, and anything travel related.
 And that was how I kind of like got from, you know, like 10, 20, 30, 40K, I think 100K to like probably like 500, 600K. and interestingly now it has also changed because now i don't even make like really i don't make business story videos anymore like all my videos now it's like i'm more focused on travel now i'm like okay i only just create stories and i'll just travel and tell different stories about different places it just has to be travel related so i'm not doing realistic videos anymore i'm not even doing um i'm not doing um business stories anymore so i've kind of like niche down again to like have a focus on my channel so that anybody who comes they will just know me as oh this guy creates like really awesome he tells stories about different places himself and and things and people happening across the world no absolutely i think um you know niching down is a term we often hear and it's something that maybe some people are like, I don't know what my niche is.
 So I think what you mentioned about experimenting with a lot of different things at first, in order for you to establish within yourself what you truly like creating, and then deciding, okay, I'm going to double down on this thing is definitely a key strategy. Another worry that some people might have when it comes to niching down is what if my niche is so specific, there's not a wide enough audience for it. But I think what those people need to keep in mind is that YouTube is an international platform. There are people from all over the world watching. And so no matter how specific your niche, you're going to find a large community of people that enjoy watching what you're creating. And Tayo, I know that you have a very international audience. You know, you've been traveling to different countries and getting recognized for your videos, no matter where you go.


출처 : 유튜브 [youtube creator]
And yeah, Hannah, I'd love to hear, like, how do you go about staying up to date with what's going on on YouTube? Yeah, definitely. I was actually going to say one of the exact features you mentioned in the analytics where you can see other channels that are similar to you and you can see what else your audience is enjoying watching. That's a big one that I look at quite a lot. But I feel like I'm just generally, I feel like I live and breathe YouTube. I feel like I'm always watching the kind of content that I enjoy creating. So I kind of like I think I naturally keep up to date with what people are doing. I make a lot of videos that are like what's out in the shops these days so I'll kind of like look at my subscription box a lot for inspiration and just generally picking up little nuggets of information from other people.


출처 : 유튜브 [youtube creator]
 I think one of the ones I would say is like when you find something that works, one of the mistakes I made when I started out was I found something that worked, but I kept stalling on it. I should have focused on it. So when I was making different types of videos, I made a real estate video that kind of like went viral. And instead of me to now make more real estate videos, I left it. I went back to making what wasn't working because I wanted to make what I liked. But the whole point of YouTube is like you have to find the intersection between what you love and what people love. So if you make a video about something you like and it works out, then you're meant to make more of that. But I made a mistake and didn't make more of that and went back to doing what I was doing before. So that's what advice I would give. It's like when you find something that works, double down on it because that's one of the fastest ways to grow the platform.


출처 : 유튜브 [youtube creator]
You can now remix a remix to add on to other shorts. When viewing a short that was created with any of our remix features, tap the remix icon and select Use the sound, Collab, Green screen or Cut to use a part of that short in your own short. Try it out. We've made some updates to the 4U shelf that give you more control over what content your viewers see on that shelf. You can now add the shelf the same way as any other homepage shelf. by heading to Channel Customization, then from the Layout tab, go to Featured Sections, then Add Section.
 After you've added the shelf, choose More Settings to customize the type and recency of content shown on that shelf. Streamers, you can now see how many and what kinds of reactions viewers had to your livestream. Head to the stream's analytics, then the reactions card. We hope this helps you track your stream's most engaging moments.


출처 : 유튜브 [youtube creator]
You could post like one day a week and that could be your, like Fridays could be your thing and that is you being consistent, making sure you're showing up every Friday and I feel like that's like a big, yeah that's a big tip. I think that's a good tip. Yeah and I think it's really key to like differentiate between frequency and consistency. Because you do get in blur don't you? Yeah, yeah you don't necessarily have to post every single day or every other day but as long as you're keeping a cadence that you can maintain Exactly. And I feel going on that, we've got some friends that want to, that are really into creating content and they like dabble in it. But then if they set in their mindset, right, I'm going to do Monday, Wednesday and Friday and then they miss like the Wednesday and then it's all out for like two months and then they kind of stop. And it's like, it's okay if you do miss a day. Yeah, definitely. That was Matthew Borderline passive growth on that one. But I kind of said, right? The next tip would just be, to not delete, just don't delete. I know that we sometimes go through our content and we're like should we just like hide that one?
Should we just take that one down? It doesn't look very good but then... Especially shorts. But you never know if that, when it will get picked up or if it will get picked up. I remember when we started shorts we were only maybe getting like a thousand views of shorts from, because we started shorts when it came out I think January 21 and I think we didn't actually see like any short success until the December And then all those other videos started picking up because obviously it was such a new thing and I feel like a lot of other people can relate to that too. People go back and watch your other shorts and before you know it they're in like a little bit of a loop. So I think just like... Just don't delete. Yeah, I bet you're glad you stuck with it and you just kept uploading them. You didn't sort of upload shorts for a month and think this isn't worth it. You've got to stick at it and then eventually it takes off. Have you ever deleted shorts? No. I haven't.


출처 : 유튜브 [youtube creator]
 So, Jade, can you walk us through the process of coming up with an idea for your videos content ideas that, I don't know, 'cause obviously you've built a very strong community and your audience, you know what your audience wanna see. So how do you come up with the ideas? How do you know what they want to see and come up with them? - Yeah, so the first thing that I usually do is I default to what my audience are saying. So I'll spend time going through my comments. Like if I'm really stuck for ideas, I actually have a rolling list of ideas. So like there's always, I've probably got ideas for the next year. Like they're just there sitting there. - Wow, yes. - Whatever one I fancy, gets the most attention. But if I'm stuck, then I'll spend some time in my comments. And sometimes it's not just like in the comment section of my own content. If I know that my audience are hanging out elsewhere, then I'll have a look over there as well and see what they're saying, see what they're looking for. There's actually something you could do. I did this this morning and I was like, Oh, this is a good idea.
 where it's, let's say I'm watching another creator's content and maybe we're similar to each other, you can actually see where the key moments of retention are, you know, when you hover over the video. And I was hovering and I was like, Oh, that's so interesting. It seems like people really want to know about this specific thing. and then I filmed a video about it because I was like well clearly that's the thing that people are most interested in so that's another fresh tip that I just came up with yeah but yeah I spend a lot of time just trying to connect with my audience and figuring out what their kind of pain points are what questions they're asking. If I do like a long video where I'm covering multiple topics, that's usually a great space for me to get new ideas. Because if you go in the comments, people will be asking about one specific part. So you could do a video where you dive deeper into it. And then it's a nice little link and a nice little segue. That's really cool. You mentioned that you have this like backlog of Ideas for the next year. Where do you write your ideas down? Is it just simple notes or? - It's just in my notes. - Oh, right. - Yeah, my notes are absolutely wild, incredibly organized.
You would be shocked if you saw them. You'd be like, What is happening? - That's great. - It's like my equivalent of like my notebook. So I have like different notes for all my ideas. I have like separate notes for when I'm coming up with ideas whilst walking. And then, you know, when you like listen to podcasts, someone might be listening right now being like, I've got an idea. I then have a separate note for ideas whilst listening to podcasts and I write the podcast and everything. Oh, wow. - Wow. - But then you end up with this incredible idea bank that you can just utilize whenever you need it. I think it's really difficult to come up with creative ideas on the spot. And I think that's when people get a bit stressed. If you sit yourself down and you're like, okay, come up with an idea, whose brain works like that? It's so difficult to be creative on cue. Exactly. Creativity is something that comes in and out. And so if you have that bank, it can help to be a bit of an insulation against idea block, writer's block, all that stuff.


출처 : 유튜브 [youtube creator]
 So obviously you mentioned that you look in your comments for inspiration. Are there any other features on YouTube that you find particularly useful? Yeah, so there's a new feature, which is the research tab on YouTube, which is really cool because it will literally tell you what your audience are watching and also the search terms that they're looking for as well. So it allows you to meet your audience where they're at because for a lot of us, even when you're quite niched down like I am, whilst one subject will be really, really popular one month, it might not be that popular in a couple months time.  so having that kind of insight could be incredible.  also google trends, i love Google Trends.  i've been using Google Trends for a long time.  back in like my marketing days, we used to use it a lot.
 And for anyone who's never used it before, it's essentially a website which allows you to see the popularity of certain search terms in Google over time. And you can filter it based on YouTube, based on location, based on time. So you can actually, back when I had my swimwear boutique back in the day, I used it a lot because I was like, When are people buying swimwear? So I would look at it and be like, Okay, this is the peak. People are shopping for swimwear around this month and blah, blah, blah. And this is how it's changed over the last four years. So from a creator's perspective, if there's a topic that you know is interesting for your audience, but you're not quite sure when, you think it might be slightly seasonal, you can enter that into Google Trends and it will show you like, okay, well, usually in July, people are looking for this type of information. So you just make sure you talk about it in July. Right, right. Would you say that for the nature of your content, search is one of the key ways that you are bringing new viewers in. Yeah, it is. It especially was in my early days as well and it still is now.


출처 : 유튜브 [youtube creator]
Search is often the thing that will give my videos the initial boost and then if people are landing on my videos and then watching a good chunk of it, it will often get picked up by YouTube's algorithm and that will help me get like, yeah, everything like browse features and suggested that's how I'll get traffic from there. But with search particularly, if you are creating content that solves a problem, especially, which is what my content very much does, then search is going to be incredible for you because people are literally going on to Google and YouTube asking a question that they need answered and need solved. So if you can do that in a way that's engaging and efficient and you can make sure that YouTube and Google understand what your video is about by using appropriate titles and all that kind of stuff, the result is that your video might appear. So, you know, like some people don't even realize that if people search for certain keywords on Google, like your YouTube video can appear. - Right. - Yeah. - So if you're really good at like answering specific questions or answering a need and you actually appear on Google or on YouTube and people are searching for that, it could do wonders for your channel.
Yeah, definitely. And I guess then that, creates new viewers they find you from that and then hopefully they become long-term viewers yes exactly that's great have you found that youtube shorts has brought in new viewers for you at all yeah and your podcast as well actually yeah yeah
