출처 : 유튜브 고객센터
시청시간 감소 관련 팁
콘텐츠 전략의 변경사항 검토하기
채널이나 콘텐츠에 최근 적용한 변경사항을 검토하세요 주제, 편집 스타일, 썸네일 디자인, 출연진, 업로드 주기, 업로드 분량, 동영상 길이 등의 변경은 시청자의 관심에 영향을 미칠 수 있습니다.
참고: 최근에 썸네일을 변경한 후 시청률이 감소한 경우 노출수 및 CTR 데이터를 검토하여 새로운 썸네일에 대한 시청자의 반응을 측정하세요.
주제의 매력도 검토하기
시청자의 관심에 변화가 발생했는지 확인하세요. 내 콘텐츠는 이전과 동일하더라도 시청자 또는 콘텐츠 소비 방식이 변화할 수도 있습니다. Google 트렌드를 사용하여 채널에서 다루는 주제나 형식에 대한 시청자의 관심이 어떻게 달라졌는지 확인하세요.
참고: Among Us를 아직도 플레이하는 게임 크리에이터는 신작을 플레이하는 크리에이터보다 시청률이 더 많이 감소할 수 있습니다.
시청자에 대한 매력도 변화 검토하기
신규 및 재방문 시청자 보고서를 사용하여 이러한 변화가 발생하고 있는 지점을 확인합니다. 재방문 시청자가 감소하는 경우, 채널의 콘텐츠가 재방문 시청자에게 더 이상 매력적이지 않다는 신호입니다. 신규 시청자가 감소하는 경우에는 콘텐츠가 광범위한 시청자층에게 더 이상 매력적이지 않다는 신호입니다.
참고: 일반 시청자의 관심을 높이고자 한다면 전체적인 브랜드에 계속 충실하면서도 인기 있는 주제나 트렌드를 기반으로 폭넓은 시청자의 관심을 끄는 콘텐츠를 만드는 것이 좋습니다.
시즌성 고려하기
연중 어느 시기인지에 따라 시청자층의 소비가 달라지는 경우가 많습니다. 내 시청자가 누구인지, 어느 국가에 거주하는지, 학교에 다니는지, 다가오는 주요 휴일이 있는지, 시청자의 일상에서 어떤 일이 일어나고 있는지 등을 고려하여 변동을 예측하고 계획하세요.
참고: 시청자가 개학하는 시기에 시청자 수가 감소하는 크리에이터가 있는 반면, 스포츠와 같이 시청자가 참여하는 주제의 '시즌'이 되면 시청자 수가 증가하는 크리에이터도 있습니다.
권장사항
한 번에 너무 많은 변경사항을 적용하지 않는 것이 좋습니다. 크리에이터는 실적이 증가하거나 감소하는 경우 이를 자신이 적용한 변경사항 때문인 것으로 생각하려는 경향이 있습니다.
하지만, 콘텐츠가 바뀌지 않았다고 해서 시청자의 관심이 바뀌지 않았다는 의미는 아니라는 것을 기억해야 합니다.
YouTube 트래픽과 시청자 습관의 시즌성 변동을 예상하고 그에 따라 프로그램 일정을 계획하세요.


출처 : 유튜브 [youtube creator]
The Inspiration tab in YouTube Studio Desktop can transform how you approach ideation and content creation. To get started, head to YouTube Studio on Desktop, then the Content page, then Inspiration. Here, kickstart your creative process with AI suggestions or brainstorm a new one. To generate a new idea, type a prompt in the prompt box and click Create Ideas. For example, you could enter newest fashion trends or cooking 101. You can also use the suggestion chips on the prompt box for more inspiration. You'll see a list of content ideas and when you find one you like, you can click on it to see more details. After clicking an idea, you'll see a suggested outline for your content, title ideas, and potential thumbnail options. You can refine each section by clicking Show More. On the outline page, you can make updates to the entire outline or click on a section to make specific changes. try something like Incorporate Humor.
Hover over a section to copy the text, delete the section, or give feedback. Under Titles, you can generate new titles by describing your idea in the prompt box or select a specific title to refine. You can try a prompt like Make it Shorter, Select a title to copy or send feedback. You'll also see suggested thumbnails related to the idea. On the thumbnails page, you can describe your idea for a thumbnail and generate options. Try a prompt like chocolate desserts or low top basketball shoes. When you find one you like, you can select it to refine it further. When you're happy with the thumbnail, select it to download it to your computer. Make sure to click the Save button to save your progress for later. You can access your saved ideas from the Inspiration tab. We hope these updates help give you a starting point for brainstorming content. For more info and availability, check out the links in the description.
You can add up to four elements to your end screen, and you can edit both the timing and the placement of your end screen elements. To edit the timing, drag and drop the blue bar in the timeline to set where you want the end screen to show, or you can enter a specific timecode. To edit the placement, use the Preview video player to drag and drop the element. The preview window will show you how the elements will show against your video, so you can check and ensure nothing is interfering with important visuals in your video. You can also click the grid icon to decide if you want the preview player to show a grid over the video preview, snap to grid, and snap to element for help with placing your elements. If you change your mind about what you added, you can use undo, redo, or the trash icon to make edits or delete the element. Once you're done adding and editing your end screen elements, click save.

출처 : 유튜브 [youtube creator]
Not sure which thumbnail to use? Try Test and Compare, a feature that lets you choose up to three video thumbnails to test with viewers to help pick your winner. Here's how it works Eligible creators can use the Test Compare feature through YouTube Studio Desktop when publishing a new video or with an existing video. On the Video Details page, go to Thumbnail. From the options, select Test Compare. From here, you can upload up to three images to learn which one viewers prefer. Then click Done. Testing is only available for public, long-form videos, and the test will start once you publish your video. Here's how the test works. YouTube will show your chosen thumbnails evenly across your video's audience and will select a winning thumbnail based on which one generates the most watch time share.
 You can check the status of your test at any time by going to the video details page and clicking view test report. From here, you'll see how much time is left for the test and how they're performing. You can also choose to stop the test and manually set one of the thumbnails as the winner. If you let the test run, the results may take a few hours or up to a couple weeks to be finalized. How long it takes to get the result is affected by factors like how similar your thumbnails are. The more they differ, the more likely your test will finish faster. And your video traffic. The more thumbnail impressions that your video receives, the faster your test will finish. Once the test is finished, the test report will show the results. If there's a statistically significant result, you'll see a winner label. YouTube will automatically update your video thumbnail to this winner when the test is done.
 You might also see a preferred label, which means the results were not statistically significant, but there was a thumbnail that performed slightly better. If there's no clear winner, The first thumbnail will be selected and shown to your audience. Remember that in either case it's ultimately up to you. You can always manually select the video thumbnail you want to use. You can also choose to run a new test but note it will delete your old experiment. Let's walk through some things to note and best practices for using the test and compare feature. Thumbnails must follow our community guidelines and the tool will not work on videos that are designated as made for kids, for mature audiences, or live. Note that great thumbnails serve an important purpose beyond getting viewers to click. They help a viewer understand what the video is about so that they don't waste their time clicking on the wrong videos.
 We suggest testing thumbnails on a limited selection of older videos for initial guidance, then a selection of more recent videos you think will provide the most meaningful insights for your content strategy. We also recommend testing thumbnail variations that explore different layout compositions and changes to thumbnail elements, including background, text overlays, and object placement to learn which resonates most with your audience. Some tips to keep in mind Ensure your images are balanced, with a focal point to direct viewers' attention towards. Utilize high contrast, allowing your subject to stand out against the background in both light and dark mode. If there's a face in your thumbnail, consider emotion. Be expressive and consider how you want viewers to feel when seeing your thumbnail.
 With text, remember that fewer words can be impactful, while too much text can be difficult to process while scrolling. And finally, when it comes to depth of field, keep your background in mind and play with blank space. We hope the test and compare feature will help you gain insights when it comes to making thumbnails and help your overall video performance in the long run. For more info, check out the links below. Thanks for watching.

